README.md, before:

# Kevin Wang

> He/Him/His.
> Currently working on school, writing quirky software, and most likely watching YouTube :)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-water.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/makes-people-smile.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

<img src=https://media.giphy.com/media/2rAKTgJIQe1buYU1R5/giphy.gif />

### What I like:
- 📚📔Poetry and fiction (give [this](https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/47660/a-supermarket-in-california) a try)
- 💻🖱Digital humanities
- 📊📉Statistics, machine learning, and data science
- 😍Monchhichis, 🏞 Nature, 📱Cool tech

### Current projects:
#### [Poetic](https://github.com/kevin931/poetic)
- Find out how poetic YOU are!
- I'm working on this (as time allows, that is.) I promise!
- Stable releases are now out! Check it out!

### Other Projects:
#### [MeterOMeter](https://github.com/kevin931/MeterOMeter)
- Not sure whether I'll work on this any time soon.
- If interested, motivate me to update. Pls!

### Goals and motivations:
- Stay healthy!
- Contribute to open source!
- Grad school/work!

### Follow me:
- Instagram: [kevinwang_peace](https://www.instagram.com/kevinwang_peace/)
- Twitter: [kevinwang_peace](https://twitter.com/kevinwang_peace)
- Github: [kevin931](https://github.com/kevin931)

[![Kevin's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kevin931&theme=bear)](https://github.com/kevin931/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kevin931&theme=bear)](https://github.com/kevin931/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Update with newest CyTOF projects

README.md, after:

# Kevin Wang

> He/Him/His.
> Currently working on school, writing quirky software, and most likely watching YouTube :)

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/powered-by-water.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/makes-people-smile.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

<img src=https://media.giphy.com/media/2rAKTgJIQe1buYU1R5/giphy.gif />

### What I like:
- 📚📔Poetry and fiction (give [this](https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/47660/a-supermarket-in-california) a try)
- 💻🖱Digital humanities
- 📊📉Statistics, machine learning, and data science
- 😍Monchhichis, 🏞 Nature, 📱Cool tech

### Current projects:

### [CytofDR](https://github.com/kevin931/CytofDR)
- CyTOF dimension reduction (DR) framework
- Run and evaluate DR all in one place
- For CyTOF and beyond with customizability and extensibility

### [PyCytoData](https://github.com/kevin931/PyCytoData)
- An elegant data analysis tool for CyTOF
- A mega package for CyTOF workflows, including CytofDR and cytomulate
- Introducting PyCytoData Alliance and PyCytoData Alliance Plus

#### [Poetic](https://github.com/kevin931/poetic)
- Find out how poetic YOU are!
- I'm working on this (as time allows, that is.) I promise!
- Stable releases are now out! Check it out!

### Other Projects:
#### [MeterOMeter](https://github.com/kevin931/MeterOMeter)
- Not sure whether I'll work on this any time soon.
- If interested, motivate me to update. Pls!

### Goals and motivations:
- Stay healthy!
- Contribute to open source!
- Grad school!

### Follow me:
- Instagram: [kevinwang_peace](https://www.instagram.com/kevinwang_peace/)
- Twitter: [kevinwang_peace](https://twitter.com/kevinwang_peace)
- Github: [kevin931](https://github.com/kevin931)

[![Kevin's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kevin931&theme=bear)](https://github.com/kevin931/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kevin931&theme=bear)](https://github.com/kevin931/github-readme-stats)
